[ADD] MRP: Add Split and merge manufacturing orders (#5224)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/split_merge.rst

> ====================================
> Split and merge manufacturing orders
> ====================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
======================================
Manufacturing orders (split and merge)
======================================
```
purely just a minor suggestion - not a requirement - it's only to adhere to JCS' desire to never start doc H1s with a verb. Totally your call on this one.

> In Odoo *Manufacturing*, it is possible to create manufacturing orders for a single unit of an item
> or multiple units of the same item. In some cases, it may be necessary to split a manufacturing

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Odoo *Manufacturing*, it is possible to create manufacturing orders for either a single unit or
multiple units of the same item. In some cases, it may be necessary to split a manufacturing
```
Just a slight, optional rewording

> In Odoo *Manufacturing*, it is possible to create manufacturing orders for a single unit of an item
> or multiple units of the same item. In some cases, it may be necessary to split a manufacturing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Odoo *Manufacturing*, it is possible to create manufacturing orders for a single unit of an item,
or multiple units of the same item. In some cases, it may be necessary to split a manufacturing
```

> order that contains multiple units into two or more orders, or to merge two or more orders into a
> single order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
order that contains multiple units into two (or more) orders. Or, merge two (or more) orders into a
single order.
```

.. important::

>    A manufacturing order can only contain one unit of a product or multiple units of a single
>    product that all use the same Bill of Materials (BoM). As a result, it is only possible to merge
>    manufacturing orders when every order contains the same product being manufactured with the same
>    BoM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   A manufacturing order can only contain one unit of a product, or multiple units of a single
   product, that all use the same Bill of Materials (BoM). As a result, it is only possible to merge
   manufacturing orders when every order contains the same product being manufactured with the same
   BoM.
```

> Split manufacturing orders
> ==========================

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Split
=====
```
Would it make sense to remove MO entirely from this heading? The title of the doc is quite self-explanatory: this doc is about the Split and merge features for MOs. So at a glance, would it be reasonable to assume the reader knows these sections are about the feature for manufacturing orders? Not to mention the first sentence of your sections makes it very clear: "To split a manufacturing order into multiple orders,..."

There's no need to take this suggestion, just a thought!

To split a manufacturing order into multiple orders, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, then select a manufacturing
order. At the top of the page, next to the :guilabel:`New` button, the manufacturing order's
reference number appears with a :guilabel:`⚙️ (settings)` button next to it.

Click the :guilabel:`⚙️ (settings)` button to open the general settings for the manufacturing order,
then select :guilabel:`Split`.

.. image:: split_merge/settings-split.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Settings and Split buttons on a manufacturing order.

After selecting :guilabel:`Split`, a :guilabel:`Split production` pop-up window appears. In the
:guilabel:`Split #` field, enter the number of manufacturing orders that the original order should

> be split into, then click outside of the field. A table appears below, with a line for each new

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be split into, then click outside of the field. A table will appear below, with a line for each new
```
To make it clear that entering a number in the *Split #** field is what makes the table appear

manufacturing order that will be created by the split. In the :guilabel:`Quantity To Produce`

> column, enter the number of units that will be assigned to each new manufacturing order. Finally,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
column, enter the number of units for each new manufacturing order.  Finally,
```
For brevity, but feel free to ignore!

click :guilabel:`Split` to split the manufacturing order.

.. image:: split_merge/split-production-window.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Split production pop-up window for a manufacturing order.

After clicking :guilabel:`Split`, the original manufacturing order is split into the number of
orders that was specified in the :guilabel:`Split #` field. The reference numbers for the new

> manufacturing orders are the reference number for the original order with *-XXX* tags added to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
manufacturing orders are the reference number for the original order with a three-digit number starting at 1 added to the
```
Your preference as to whether XXX or "3-digit number" would make more sense to the average reader (:

end.

.. example::
   Manufacturing order *WH/MO/00012* is split into three separate orders. The reference numbers for
   the new orders are *WH/MO/00012-001*, *WH/MO/00012-002*, and *WH/MO/00012-003*.

Merge manufacturing orders
==========================

> To merge two or more manufacturing orders into a single order, begin by navigating to
> :menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. Select the manufacturing
> orders that will be merged by activating the checkbox to the left of the name of each order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To merge two (or more) manufacturing orders into a single order, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`. Select the manufacturing
orders that will be merged, by activating the checkbox to the left of the name of each order.
```

.. image:: split_merge/select-orders.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select manufacturing orders that will be merged by clicking the checkbox for each.

Once all manufacturing orders have been selected, click the :guilabel:`Actions` button at the top of
the page, then select :guilabel:`Merge` from the drop-down menu.

.. image:: split_merge/actions-merge.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Actions and Merge buttons on the Manufacturing Orders page.

The selected manufacturing orders are merged into a single order. The reference number for the new

> manufacturing order is the next sequential number that has not already been assigned to an order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
manufacturing order is the next sequential number that has *not* already been assigned to an order.
```

.. example::
   The last reference number used for a manufacturing order was *WH/MO/00012*. Two manufacturing
   orders, *WH/MO/00008* and *WH/MO/00009*, are merged into a single order. The reference number for
   the manufacturing order created by the merger is *WH/MO/00013*.

> In the :guilabel:`Source` field for the manufacturing order created by the merger, the reference
> numbers of the manufacturing orders that were merged are listed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Source` field of the :guilabel:`Miscellaneous` tab for the manufacturing order
created by the merger, the reference numbers of the manufacturing orders that were merged are
listed.
```
